The deploy of 0e94448 is live (green checkmark at 3:37 PM). The site is running the correct code.

Try a hard refresh in your browser: Cmd + Shift + R (Mac) or Ctrl + Shift + R (Windows). Your browser is likely showing a cached version of the old page.

tried it, still same thing. oh its because the link is pointing to replit instead of my code base. how do i fix that

What URL are you visiting when you see the old version? Is it demo.dudilig.com or a replit.app / onrender.com URL?

If you're visiting a Replit URL, that's a completely separate deployment — you'd just stop using that link and use demo.dudilig.com instead (which is the Render deployment with the correct code).

demo.dudilig.com 

but look here

demo.dudilig.com is attached to your Replit deployment — that's why it's showing the old code. You need to move it to Render.

Step 1 — Remove from Replit:
In the Replit panel you have open, click the ⋮ next to https://demo.dudilig.com and remove/disconnect that custom domain.

Step 2 — Point DNS to Render:
Go to wherever you manage your DNS (GoDaddy, Cloudflare, Namecheap, etc.) and update the demo CNAME record to point to your Render service URL (something like dudilig.onrender.com).

Step 3 — Verify in Render:
In your Render dashboard under Settings → Custom Domains, add demo.dudilig.com and click Verify.

In the meantime, your correctly deployed app is accessible directly at your Render URL — check the Render dashboard under the service name for the .onrender.com link.

i removed it but render has an issue now

Good news — the green checkmark means the DNS is already pointing correctly to Render. The SSL certificate error is normal right after switching from Replit — it just needs time to provision. Wait 5–15 minutes and it should resolve on its own.

In the meantime, use the direct Render URL to verify your changes: https://dudilig.onrender.com — close that dialog and you'll see it linked on the settings page.

https://dudilig.onrender.com -- this doesnt have my replit changes

What specifically is missing or different? For example, are you seeing a different design, different pages, or different features on Replit vs Render?

The two codebases diverged — Replit had its own version and our feature branch had the design system + Issuer Passport work. When we pushed to main, the Replit-specific changes got replaced. I need to know what's missing so I can bring those changes over.

different design

Can you take a screenshot of what Replit looks like vs what Render shows? That'll help me see exactly what's different and port the changes over.

ok bring up all the code changes you did today and ill send it to replit instead


Ran 2 commands
The cleanest way is to just pull from GitHub directly in Replit rather than copy-pasting 20 files. In the Replit terminal, run:

git pull origin main
That will pull all our changes (design system, mobile nav, Issuer Passport rename, contract analyzer) into Replit in one shot. Then click Republish in Replit.